Update css quick guide approach (#6291)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/css-guide/css_quick_guide_approach.md

1. Add your styles for the button component. If the file is left blank, then no styles are applied for the component.

> ### Extend Module's styles {#module_extend}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extend module styles
```

To extend a Module's styles in your theme:

> 1. In your theme directory, create Module_Name/web/css/source sub-directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your theme directory, create a `Module_Name/web/css/source` directory.
```

> 1. Create a _extend.less file here. The path to it looks like following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an `_extend.less` file in the theme directory. For example:
```

   ```tree
   <theme_dir>/
   ├── <module_dir>/
   │   ├── web/
   │   │   ├── css/
   │   │   │   ├── source/
               ├──_extend.less
   ...
   ```

> 1. Add your additional styles in the _extend.less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add additional styles in the `_extend.less` file.
```

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> To extend Magento_Review module's style, the directory path should be <your_theme_dir>/Magento_Review/web/css/source/_extend.less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to extend the Magento_Review module's style, the directory path should be `<your_theme_dir>/Magento_Review/web/css/source/_extend.less`.
```

> ### Override Module's styles {#module_override}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Override module styles
```

> To override a Module's styles in your theme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override module styles in your theme:
```

> 1. In your theme directory, create Module_Name/web/css/source sub-directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your theme directory, create a `Module_Name/web/css/source` directory.
```

> 1. Create a _module.less file here. The path to it looks like following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `_module.less` file in the theme directory. For example:
```

   ```tree
   <theme_dir>/
   ├── <module_dir>/
   │   ├── web/
   │   │   ├── css/
   │   │   │   ├── source/
               ├──_module.less
   ...
   ```

>    This file overrides the `_module.less` of the specific module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This file overrides the `_module.less` file of the specific module.
```

> 1. Add your styles in the _module.less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add your styles in the `_module.less` file.
```

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> To override Magento_Review module's style, the directory path should be <your_theme_dir>/Magento_Review/web/css/source/_module.less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to override the Magento_Review module's style, the directory path should be `<your_theme_dir>/Magento_Review/web/css/source/_module.less`.
```
